study_pwa/mass_dependent_fits/README.md, before:

setup_mass_dep_fits.py takes in a template config file and updates it to a functional form, where it will comment out 
unwanted lines and initiaze the complex amplitudes

Once a valid cfg file is made we can perform a mpi mass dependent fit using where -m is the maximum number of fit calls
and t is the tolerance. Our computer has 8 GPUs and we include an extra process as a leader node so np=num processes=9
mpirun -np 9 fitMPI -c etapi0_SD_TMD_allPol.cfg -m 80000 -t 0.1

A fit can fail for a number of reasons. We can reinitize the fit and refit in a while loop to search for convergence. Typically
we also care about running fits in multiple t-bins. To handle this fit.py program is made. At the end it will output a summary

./fit.py

summary2.py is made as a separate program that looks through some directories to check for statuses also. This is useful to check
how much times a fit has been run and to check the statuses. From here we can begin to diagnose any convergence issues

Once the fits have been performed we can use etapi_plotter program to draw the waves. The overlayBins set of programs will do this.
This set of programs will output a folder that compares various distributions with various partial wave components. From here you 
can quickly glance how the fits perform and how the partial waves look. The more important output of this program is a root file
that contains the shape of the partial wave. This can then be used to plot i.e. the piecewise s-wave and a breit-wigner D-wave 

./run_overlayBins.py

To get a cross section we need the integrated luminosity which we can obtain from plot_flux_ccdb.py program. getFluxs.py is
used to maintain the correct arguments to obtain the correct luminosity and to run the program

Commit message:

Added some additional files and readme regarding mass dependent pwa fits to the a2

study_pwa/mass_dependent_fits/README.md, after:

setup_mass_dep_fits.py takes in a template config file and updates it to a functional form, where it will comment out 
unwanted lines and initiaze the complex amplitudes

Once a valid cfg file is made we can perform a mpi mass dependent fit using where -m is the maximum number of fit calls
and t is the tolerance. Our computer has 8 GPUs and we include an extra process as a leader node so np=num processes=9
mpirun -np 9 fitMPI -c etapi0_SD_TMD_allPol.cfg -m 80000 -t 0.1

A fit can fail for a number of reasons. We can reinitize the fit and refit. Typically we also care about running fits in multiple t-bins. To handle this fit.py program is made. Here we can run over different mass and t-bins and run some defined number of randomized fits

./fit.py

Once the fits have been performed we can use etapi_plotter program to draw the waves into a set of root files. The overlayBins set of programs will drive the etapi_plotter program. This set of programs will output a folder that compares various distributions with various partial wave components. From here you 
can quickly glance how the fits perform and how the partial waves look. The more important output of this program is a root file
that contains the shape of the partial wave. This can then be used to plot i.e. the piecewise s-wave and a breit-wigner D-wave 

./run_overlayBins.py

To get a cross section we need the integrated luminosity which we can obtain from plot_flux_ccdb.py program. getFluxs.py is
used to maintain the correct arguments to obtain the correct luminosity and to run the program

For systematic studies, we have reconfigureAndFit.py and runVariations.py. runVariations.py details all the systematics that is studied and primarily runs a bunch of search and replace commands to modify an input config file that is generated by the setVariation command. runVariations also creates additional folders to store the final results in and uses reconfigureAndFit to perform the "reconfigure", which reinitializes the parameters to the converged values in the fit results file, and to "fit" the new config file. reconfigureAndFit also has some additional search and replace functions to make some make modifications (like rotating) to the production parameters

./runVariations.py
